JSDK-2707 setPriority does not update subscriber track priority for late arrivals (#907)
twilio/twilio-video.js: CHANGELOG.md

- twilio-video.js now raises `connect()` errors due to network disruptions quicker by not retrying after the first connection attempt fails. (JSDK-2682)
- A LocalParticipant will now have an additional `signalingRegion` property which contains the geographical region of the signaling edge LocalParticipant is connected to. (JSDK-2687)

Bug Fixes
---------

> - Fixed an issue which caused subscriber priority changes not take effect when `RemoteVideoTrack.setpriority` was called for tracks on participants that joined later (JSDK-2707)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed a bug where calling `setPriority` on RemoteVideoTracks of RemoteParticipants that joined after the LocalParticipant had no effect. (JSDK-2707)
```
